feat(bundler): codesign nested code on macos (#8259)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/mac-bundler-nested-code-sign.md

---
"tauri-cli": patch:feat
"tauri-bundler": patch:feat
---

> On macOS, support for signing nested code under the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, support for signing nested .dylib, .app, .xpc and .framework under predefined directories inside the bundled frameworks ("MacOS", "Frameworks", "Plugins", "Helpers", "XPCServices" and "Libraries").
```
